Reword of RSV, hiding details (#730)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/news/2025-11-17-november-update.mdx

#### A note on RSV

> We have added 2,325 RSV-A, 1,335 RSV-B additional sequences from INSDC that are misclassified in NCBI taxonomy (under bovine orthopneumovirus) and hence missed by our pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added 2,325 RSV-A and 1,335 RSV-B additional sequences from INSDC that are misclassified in NCBI taxonomy (under bovine orthopneumovirus) and were hencepreviously nmissed by our pipeline.
```
